SUMMARY
France but willing to work worldwide
a.laamri@outlook.fr
+33 6 09 86 21 03
Anis-Samy Laamri
Engineering Student
Looking for an intership in Supply Chain, starting March 2024
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION
SKILLS AND LANGUAGES
ACTIVITIES AND INTERESTS
Student-engineer currently in a gap year before my final year of studies, looking for an internship abroad in a
 professional context to deepen my knowledge of Supply Chain. Driven by curiosity and the will to learn about state-
of-the-art technologies, has a strong attention to detail and the ability to work collaboratively in team settings.
September 2023 - February 2024
Intern in charge of all outbound parcels leaving the warehouse 
and the various environnementals projects surrounding it.
Establishment of various KPI built on PowerBI from data 
extraction from the WMS used in the warehouse.
Economic and environnemental studies (vacuum rate, wedging...) 
of packaging to reduce the impact on the climate.
Optimizastion of the warehouse’s WMS database to improve the wo
workflow of operations in tune with Givenchy’s own ERP system.
January 2022 - February 2022
Operator in charge of reception of new products at the central 
warehouse of Louis Vuitton in France.
Handled the stocking of new products and the delivery for 
order preparation.
Worked as an order preparator for E-Shopping and Retail 
stores, in charge of the personalized orders.
Took part in all the outbound logistics of goods and ordrers, 
       as well as forklift operation.
Institut Elie Cartan de Lorraine, September 2022 - June 2023
Study on a particular field of algebra, representations theory
 with a focus on a specific group, the Pauli group, used in 
quantum computing.
Redaction of a scientific paper, thesis defense and realization of 
a vulgarisation film on the subject.
Master of Engineering Degree in Applied Mathematics 
September 2021 - September 2025
Relevant Coursework : Optimization, Data Analysis, Databases
 Modelization and Times Series, Machine Learning, Deep Learning Operational Research, Industrial Engineering
Bachelor of Sciences - Mathematics :
September 2019 - June 2021
Relevant Coursework : Linear & Bilinear Algebra, Calculus,
Real & Complex Analysis,Probabilitiy, Statistics, Computer Science 
Technical Skills : Python, C, R, CamL, VBA, Latex, SQL, Pandas,
Tensorflow, Keras,Pytorch, Scikit-Learn, PowerBI, SAP, Excel
Hard-Skills : Data science research methods, data modelling,
Regression analysis, Pattern and trend identification. Logistics
Soft-Skills : Communication and public speaking, Teamwork & 
collaboration, Decision-Making, Time Management.
Languages :  - French, Native.
                                              - English, C1 Cambridge Advanced Certification.
                                              - Spanish, Casual Conversation.
                                              - Japanese, Notions.
                       - Arabic, Moroccan Dialect.
Basketball : 12 years in club at a regional level (2006-2018) :
                                                CaCaptain of Mines Nancy’s Team (2021-2023) :
                        Played at a regional scale in Tours’ Senior Team. 
Literature / Reading :  Essays of Philosophy ;
                                          Sociology, keen on French Theory.
Cinema : Member of the Bureau of the School’s Association.
                 Attended to various movies’ festivals (Villerupt, IRTS).
Scientific lectures : Attendance, human and technical assistance
 to the “Sciences et Société” c conferences cycle.
Warehouse Engineer, Givenchy         (Montbazon, France)
Logistics Operator, Louis Vuitton               (Cergy, France)
Research Project, Sophomore Year                  (Nancy, France)
Ecole des Mines de Nancy, France
Université de Lorraine, France
ACADEMICS PROJECTS
September 2021 - June 2022
Intervention in elementary class within the “Main à la Pâte”
 institution, created by Georges Charpak (French Physics Nobel 
Prize).
Presentations and experiments for 4th Grades to introduce science.
“Main à la pâte”, Freshman Year                    (Nancy, France)
