MARGAUX ZURATAS
Seeking new opportunities abroad in Marketing & Communication 🌍
6 rue Alexandre Dumas, 75011 Paris, France | +33686273634 |margauxzurataspro@gmail.com|www.linkedin.com/in/mgxz
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Strategist assistant – SIDLEE (Kuy collective) , Paris, France
July – December 2023
Creative agency
•
Contributed to strategic branding and marketing initiatives.
•
Conducted research and analysis to inform strategic decisions.
•
Collaborated across teams to align with business objectives.
•
Supported creative teams in executing branding strategies.
Industries : Retail, optical, car, travel, fintech, edtech, video games, wine & spirits
Assistant account manager – RE-MIND PHD (Omnicom Group), Paris, France
6 Months - 2021
Media agency
•
Implemented media plans and conducted reporting and data analysis for online advertising campaigns
across all digital channels.
•
Provided recommendations based on campaign performance and competitive intelligence.
Clients : SKODA, BIOCOOP, French Football Federation
Assistant marketing & communication – AD4GOOD (Ginger Ad), Paris, France
2 Months 2020
Startup, solidarity advertising agency
•
Chief Executive Officer's right-hand person
•
Marketing and communication strategies, recruitment, web writing
Associative coordinator – AVST (Voluntary action for the survival of the Earth), Lomé, Togo
1 Month 2020
Associative Coordinator
•
Coordinated partnerships, fundraising, and community management.
•
Supervised volunteers and trainees.
Covid 19 crisis : An overwhelming and shortened stay in Togo. We set up an annual production of AVST
soap in order to create an income-generating activity for the association and women in the Lankouvi
district.
Mediator-Coordinator – COEXIST (Civic Service), Paris, France
8 Months 2019
Partner association of the Ministry of National Education
•
Interventions in French high and middle school, volunteer management, planning, canvassing,
administration, events organization , training.
EDUCATION & HONORS
EDHEC Business School, Lille, France
2021 – 2023
M2 Marketing Management - Concentration in Services & Entertainment
2022-2023
Master thesis (Qualitative research) : How can brands use nostalgia to market actions with Gen Z for products
they didn’t experience? - Illustration with the resurgence of vinyl 18/20
Leadership Certification with EDHEC & PotentiaLife (90h): The art of listening, the art of questioning, the art of
dialogue, reflexive leadership as a manager coach, the art of reflexivity
M1 Double Degree with Ecole W - BBA, majoring in International marketing strategy
2021-2022
ECOLE W (CFJ Group - Paris-Panthéon-Assas), Paris, France
2019-2021
Bachelor's degree in Marketing and Communication, minor Luxury
100% project-based pedagogy - Graduated with jury congratulations - Head of the year
HEC, Jouy-en-Josas, France
2020
Academy - "Becoming a creative & innovative entrepreneur"
SORBONNE NOUVELLE, Paris, France
2018-2019
Foreign and Regional Languages, Literatures and Civilisations
English, minor french literature
ISTH, Paris, France
2016-2017
Preparatory class Political Sciences
SKILLS
Languages: French (native); English (fluent)
Technical: PowerPoint, Keynotes, Excel, Outlook, Word, Google Drive, Google Analytics Certification
LEADERSHIP ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS
PR & Volunteer at Automatic Events : Series of events showcasing electronic music artists
2022-Today
Head of communication UNESCO antenna, Sorbonne for the United Nations
2018-2019
Music, cinema, travel , tennis, swimming, horse-riding
