Jeanne Dupont 
 
220 Avenue du Général Leclerc, 54000 Nancy, FRANCE (tel. +33 654453322) 
jeanne.dupont@etu.univ-lorraine.fr 
 
Application for an engineering internship March-December 2021 
 
Profile 
 
 
As a final year student at the Ecole des Mines, majoring in industrial management and specialized in the 
Management and Decision Help fields, I am interested in a training period requiring skilful teamwork on a complex 
project. In addition to my engineering profile I am analytical, efficient and organised, and have experience in 
communication, logistics, finance and marketing.  
 
Education and Studies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Study Projects 
 
 
…/… 
 
Work experience
 
❖ Client Manager, Paralympic Accreditation Coordinator, Rio Organising Committee of the Olympic Games and 
Paralympic Games (ROCOG), Rio, Brazil. 
June – September 2019 
• 
In charge of accreditation for 47 National Paralympic Committees of Eastern Europe and the Middle East, 
additionally responsible for Spanish speaking countries due to staff health difficulties. 
• 
Registering delegations (athletes, team officials and dignitaries) and managing their access rights through 
constant telephone and email contact with the respective delegates in their native language whenever 
possible.  
• 
Liaising with British agencies such as the Home Office, the UK Border Agency and the Metropolitan 
Police to carry out participants’ background checks, handling sensitive personal data. 
• 
Travelling abroad to meet with delegates from countries concerned for accreditation meetings and working 
in a multi-lingual environment (official, office language – English). 
Skills developed: availability, focus, organisation and people skills, ensuring clarity of information. 
Mines Nancy, national French school of Engineering,  
French national diploma equivalent to a Master’s degree  
Final-year student majoring in Decision and Production Systems 
Key courses: … 
End-of-study project: … 
 
 
2017-2021 
One academic year spent studying at Imperial College, London.  
Key modules: … 
 
 
2019-2020 
Two-year undergraduate programme prior to the highly selective entrance 
examination to prestigious French engineering schools (Advanced and 
Applied Maths and Physics) at Lycée Henri Poincaré in Nancy, France 
 
 
2015-2017 
Baccalauréat Scientifique et Européen passed with Honours (Bien) 
French equivalent of Advanced levels/High School Leaving diploma 
specialised in Maths, Physics, Chemistry and European languages, certain 
subjects studied in Spanish.  
 
 
2015 
CV - Jeanne Dupont 
❖ Intern at the Delegation of the European Union to Ukraine, located in Kyiv, Ukraine. 
June – September 2018 
• 
Part of Operations Section 1dealing with EU-funded projects in Good Governance and Democracy 
Building, working in the sphere of border management.  
• 
Assisting in project management, tendering, implementation and evaluation phases, meeting and 
communicating with the appropriate Ukrainian authorities (fluent Russian was needed). 
• 
Working alongside local staff and personnel from various EU Member States to assist the authorities of 
Ukraine in the improvement of its institutions. 
• 
Working languages – Russian and English. 
Skills developed: liaising closely with different internal departments, deadlines, dealing with important government 
personnel in a professional manner, analysing legal documents.  
 
❖ Call handler each summer for the AA European Call Centre, ACTA, Lyon, France.  
Summer 2017 – 2016 – 2015 – 9 months in total 
• 
Assisting customers experiencing trouble with their vehicle while travelling abroad by organising roadside 
assistance and making alternative travel arrangements and liaising with counterparts all across Europe and 
mechanics on behalf of customers. 
• 
Combining multi-lingual communication and customer management skills, applying protocols and using 
modern communication technologies.  
• 
Part of the “Prestige Team” in 2017 for Aston Martin, Bentley and Jaguar assistance, dealing with its 
customers all over Europe. 
 
• 
Official office language - English  
 
Skills developed: communication (multi-lingual), team-work, IT, problem solving, multi-tasking, quick and broad 
thinking, listening.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
Languages 
 
French:  
 
Mother tongue 
English: 
Fluent. One academic year spent at Imperial College, London, studying risk management. 
IELTS C1 (7.5 average /9) awarded by the British Council, June 2018. 
Spanish:  
 Fluent. Linguistic trips to Santa Maria, Seville and Barcelona. Superior awarded by the 
University of Cervantes, Salamanca, November 2018. 
German: 
 
Good working knowledge. Linguistic trips to Mainz, Hof and Stuttgart.  
 
Interests, Club & Society Involvement 
 
Formerly involved in the university Student Union, co-organiser of social events.  
• 
Responsible for the complete organisation of the 2019 University gala.  
Manager of a 12-member student team, employment of 6 private companies for catering, security, light and sound, 
logistics, bar, emergency services. 
• 
Member of team of 15 students organising the 2019 Cartel, a national, student, sports tournament involving 
nine universities (two thousand students) from all over France. 
In charge of hotel accommodation for 750 students. 
Sports: snow-boarding (16 years), tennis (5 years), horse-riding (8 years). 
Cultural interests: Reading (political history and general fiction), Music, Cinema, Drama. 
 
References available upon request. 
