+33 (0)6 16 17 30 41  
 
 
 
MATHYS DAVIET 
mathys.daviet@gmail.com 
Looking for a 6-month internship in Corporate Finance 
 
EDUCATION 
 
2021-2024 
Ecole des Mines de Nancy – Engineering School 
        Nancy, France 
Master’s in engineering, Specialization in Mathematical Engineering and Decision Engineering 
Ranked by Usine Nouvelle as #6 in French Engineering School in 2022 
Relevant Coursework: Accounting, Macro Economy, Market Finance, Marketing, Programming, 
Optimization, Data Analysis, Deep learning, Industrial Engineering 
 
2023-2024 
IAE Nancy – Management School 
        Nancy, France 
Master’s degree in Business Administration and Management 
Followed classes in the evening alongside my 3rd year engineering studies at Mines Nancy 
Relevant Coursework: Market finance, Financial mathematics, Corporate finance, Communication-
psychosocial-leadership, Accounting, Marketing, Business strategy, Fiscal law, Business law  
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES 
Oct 22-May 23 
MINES DE NANCY, Engineering School                                                                                                                  Nancy, France 
(8 months) 
Second year project at Mines de Nancy  
• Used of Python language and Data Base on Excel 
• Used of deep learning with Optical Character Recognition Python library 
• Developed a program in group of 3 to find the cheapest gas stations through photo geolocation of 
      price displays 
 
 
July 22-Aug 22 
APTAR ANNECY, Company for the treatment of perfume and medicine caps 
        Annecy, France 
(2 months) 
Operator on machine  
 
• Adapted to the production rate (production sheet need to be completed) 
• Teamwork 
• Adapted to the night and weekend shift schedule  
 
 
May 21-Aug 21 ST MICROELECTRONICS, Chip manufacturing company (seventh worldwide in 2011) 
        Crolles, France 
(4 months) 
Computer operator 
 
• Did computer management of robots useful for production 
• Worked in clean room 
 
 
LANGUAGE, SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS 
 
• Native in French; Fluent in English; Basic in Spanish and German 
• Computer skills: VBA, Python, R, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, MATLAB, C/C++ 
• Soft Skills: learning ability, stress management, written/oral communication, teamwork 
• Certification: MOOC – Project management – Central Lille  
 
ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS 
Logistic of the Gala Evening at Mines Nancy 
 
Organization of the gala evening of the years 2022/2023 at Mines de Nancy for about 350 people. 
Preparation of meals and events to raise money (about 1,5k€). Choice of place, food, bus, drink and 
decoration. Contact supplier and communication with the team during weekly meeting. Budget: 28k€. 
 
 
Preparation of the Mines Nancy’s Student Union 
 
Organization of student events during one week in a team of 20 peoples. Budget: 20k€. Implementation of 
planning, contact supplier, lead the team with 5 other people. 
Cheer UP! 
Member of a humanitarian association fighting against cancer. Preparation of events (race, sale of roses, sale 
of cakes…) to raise funds (about 2k€) to carry out the personal project of some patients. Visit patients in the 
hospital to discuss with them if they wish. Followed by training with a psychologist to properly prepare for 
these visits. 
Internal Communication Manager of ‘Les Cordées de la réussite’ 
 
French national system to promote equal opportunities in education. Intervening with schoolchildren in 
priority education zones in group of 6. Organization of awareness days on current topics. Organization of a 
cultural outing to Metz and a weekend in Paris for 100 students. Contact supplier, oral and written 
communication with the team, social engagement. 
 
Sport 
 
Water-polo for 5 years, Table tennis for 4 years, Skiing since I was 3 years old 
 
 
