Aug 2020 – Mar 2021
Accountant
Al AML Company
• Enhanced financial decision-making capabilities by providing timely,
accurate information to management through regular performance reports.
Trained new employees on accounting principles and company procedures.
Reviewed accounts, resolved coding areas, and tracked recurring expenses
for accrual entry. Established strong relationships with banking partners to
facilitate access to various financial services and secure favorable lending
terms for the organization.
Aug 2019 – Oct 2020
Call Center
We Egypt
• Streamlined call center operations, optimizing staff scheduling and
reducing average call wait times. Improved caller satisfaction by
implementing effective coaching and training techniques for call center
staff.
 
Phone:+201015734776
Email:noorhan756@gmail.com
Address:Cairo , Egypt
Noorhan
Sharawy
Customer Service Representative
I aspire to join a collaborative work environment where my strong
communication skills and team-oriented mindset can help drive
collective achievements. Passionate about driving success in the
enterprise industry and professional marketing of fast-moving goods.
Having worked for more than three years in national companies, I have
also been able to skillfully deal with clients and sell banking products for
more than 4 years. I have gained experience in different fields, including
digital marketing and communications services. Social and sales. • A goal-
oriented sales manager with years of sales experience. I have excellent
sales, negotiation and closing skills. Known for great presentations and
skill in growing audiences to improve sales. Self-motivated outside sales
professional with experience in both technical, non-technical and fast-
paced team environments. An expert in building relationships and
dealing with audiences at all levels and different communities..
Personal Info
Gender   :   Female
DOB   :   14.01.1996
Nationality   :   Egyptian
Experience
Oct 2018 – Jul 2019
Customer Service
Vodafone Egypt
• Handling customer,Responding to customers and following up with them
to find out these problems regarding customer satisfaction and company
policy.
Education
Oct 2013 – Jul 2018
Mansoura University
Bachelor's degree in Media and Mass Communication
• Digital Media And Mass Communication. • journalist • presentation • Tv
program • voice over • media app • mass communication • public Relations
Apr 2021 – CONTINUE
Senior Sales Executive
National Bank Of Egypt
• I support the direct sales team with administrative tasks to help sales
representatives close deals. Selling the product or service to new and old
customers. Facilitate regular team meetings focused on goal setting,
progress updates, and strategy refinement for continuous improvement
efforts. Exceed sales goals by implementing strong sales programs. Develop
and maintain strong working relationships with professionals. Manage
digital marketing initiatives according to consumer goals and needs.
Passionate about learning and committed to continuous improvement.
Show respect, friendliness, and willingness to help where needed. Develop
relationships with prominent clients by successfully using qualitative selling
techniques. Built diverse and consistent sales portfolio. Established long-
lasting relationships with key clients through effective account
management and consistent communication. Met existing customers to
review current services and expand sales opportunities. Trained new
employees on customer service, money handling and organizing strategies.
Sept 2020 – Jul 2021
Suze University
Diploma In Arabic Language
• Education of Individuals in Secondary Special Education Programs. •
Vocational training to work in schools. • Completed professional
development in Arabic. Continuing education in Arabic.
I Obtained the Professional Seller Certificate from the
National Bank of Egypt
I obtained an ideal student certificate from Mansoura
University
International Computer Driving Licence (IC3)
• • Outlook • Digital Transformation • Microsoft office • word • Excel • Access •
Mail • PowerPoint
International Computer Driving Licence (ICDL)
Presentation Course
Voice Over Course
Achievement
Leading and training a number of new employees
Skills
Marketing
MS Office
Management
Interpersonal communication
Planning and coordination
Problem solving
Creativity
Customer Service
Active listening
Data analysis
Language
Arabic
English
Interests
Reading
Photography
Travel
Writing
Public speaking
